Add Readme, update registration info, and add free info <3 (#9)
ia-toki/apio-2020-web: onsite.md

* In the registration phase, the leader needs to state the participants that will participate in the onsite contest.

### Onsite Contest Information
* The onsite contest is free of charge, all the accomodation, food, and transport will be the responsibility of the 

> organisator (except the airplane ticket to and from Jakarta, Indonesia).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The onsite contest is free of charge: all the accommodation, food, and transportation costs will be the responsibility of the organizer, except the flight to and from Jakarta, Indonesia.
```
